PartitionAssignmentHandler: add onLost (#986)
akka/alpakka-kafka: docs/src/main/paradox/consumer-rebalance.md

Kafka balances partitions between all consumers within a consumer group. When new consumers join or leave the group partitions are revoked from and assigned to those consumers.

@@@ note { title="API may change" }
This @apidoc[PartitionAssignmentHandler] API was introduced in Alpakka Kafka 2.0.0 and may still be subject to change.

Please give input on its usefulness in [Issue #985](https://github.com/akka/alpakka-kafka/issues/985).
@@@

Alpakka Kafka's @apidoc[PartitionAssignmentHandler] expects callbacks to be implemented, all are called with a set of @javadoc[TopicPartition](org.apache.kafka.common.TopicPartition)s and a reference to the @apidoc[RestrictedConsumer] which allows some access to the Kafka @javadoc[Consumer](org.apache.kafka.clients.consumer.Consumer) instance used internally by Alpakka Kafka.

1. `onRevoke` is called when the Kafka broker revokes partitions from this consumer
1. `onAssign` is called when the Kafka broker assigns partitions to this consumer

> 1. `onLost` is called when the Kafka broker has revoked partitions and already assigned them to a different consumer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `onLost` is called when partition metadata has changed and partitions no longer exist.  This can occur if a topic is deleted or if the leader's metadata is stale.
```
